Shweta Sharma Phone#: 949-243-6409 Email id: sinkyraj@gmail.com
Web Developer
Summary
● 5+ years of IT experience with knowledge in Web development using ASP.NET, C#,
VB.NET, XML, XSLT, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, MS Access, MS Excel, Sencha and SQL-Server etc.
● Experience in creating mutual funds/Stock investment websites using C#, SQL Server web service etc.
● Experience using the WebApi to post and get data.
● Experience using Sencha for UI design.
● Experience in website enhancing, QA and testing the Web pages.
● Experience using web service, Soap.
● Excellent experience in databases SQL-Server 2008, 2012- writing Stored Proc, Views, table
function etc.
● Understanding of SQL-Server and relational database design and object-oriented development techniques.
● Familiar with Jira and prepared test plan and test strategy documents.
● Experience on Microsoft Office suite and G suite. Have agile experience.
● Experience in IIS Configuration, website setup in IIS.
● Experience in using GitHub and visual SourceSafe for version control.
● Proven team player, troubleshooting skills and problem-solving abilities. Deliver work according to established deadlines.
 Technical Expertise
Web Technology: ASP.NET, Classic ASP, C#, VB, VBA, HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript, jQuery
Databases: SQL-SERVER (2008/2010/2012), MS Access, Excel.
Languages: ASP.NET, C#, VB, Classic ASP, VBA, Financial Reporting, JavaScript.
Web Service: RSS Feed,Google Api ETC.


 
Education: Bachelor of Science (BS), VKS University, Ara, India
Microsoft Visual basic C++, Microsoft SQL server and Microsoft access training from Santa Ana college and Irvine Valley college, Orange county, CA



Student: UCI FullStack Developer Bootcamp course
Irvine, CA­­­­
Duration: February 1st 2021 – April 26th 2021

Currently enrolled in UCI FullStack Developer Bootcamp course. I learned HTML5,CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Node.js, Express.js, MySQL, MongoDB, Progressive Web Apps, React.js during this course and created projects and assignments using these tools






 
Software Engineer­­­­­­­­­­­­­
Advisys Inc.
Irvine, CA­­­­
Duration: July 2020 – January 2021
 
Design, Development and production support of various Financial Calculators, build 24 financial calculators for State Farm company that calculates Accumulation of million dollars over a period, Saving Plans for Retirement fund, Saving Plans for Collage Education, how much you can save money buying new car vs keeping old car, Calculate auto depreciation of a car over time period. Calculate Loan Interest, Loan amortization calculator, Debt Consolidation Plan calculator, Payoff line of credit Calculator, Impact of Taxes and Inflation on savings Calculator, Rate of Return on savings Calculator, Lease vs Buy new car Calculator, Emergency Fund Calculator, Savings on Finance or pay cash Calculator etc.
 
● Created Government Pension Offset calculator to calculate Pension offset for Spouses.
● Created Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP) Calculator to receive a pension based on   work not covered by Social Security.
● Created new User Token for our client and send email to our users to login to site using this token.
● Created UI design for Reverse Mortgage Calculator.
● Created Fact Finder for a client based on Personal Goals, Personal Finance, Education Planning, Retirement Planning, Tax Planning, Business Owner, Debt Consolidation, Cash flow etc.
 
 
Technology Used: - SQL Server, ASP.NET, C#, WebApi, Sencha, jQuery, JavaScript Excel, GitHub, Scrum, etc.


 
 
 
Software Engineer
Redwood Trust, Inc.
Irvine, CA
Duration: November 2018 – February 2020
 
Design, Development and production support of loan monitoring system, corporate financial reporting and on demand reports. Working at a corporate office managing users' day-today’s issues and reporting needs. Supplying reports for all the departments - finance, sales, loan processing department etc.
 
Loan Monitoring System: I was involved in designed, developed, implementation and production support of loan monitoring system. Created many screens to data enter data entry screen and reports. In this system we took care of each borrower, all the info related to loan, including documents. We setup workflow to keep track of loan status till loan matures, like KYC stage, Pre-Closing stage, Post-Closing stage and Closing stage.
 
Property Valuation System: I created this system using Microsoft technology to maintain property information like property value, Property type, Property associated fee (Service fee, Broker fee etc.), Purchase price, Pooled loan, Repair cost, Monthly insurance etc.
 
Loan reporting system Dashboard: This is the main reporting system for company related to loan and property information. This is a role-based system, based on your role you can access your dashboard like Loan-Admin dashboard, Post Closing dashboard and accounting dashboard etc. This system contains many reports that has details regarding Loan information, Property Information, Maturity details Information, Valuation Information, Approval Recommendation Information, Monthly funded Report, Account Reports for accounting team etc.
Others project:
·        Special Assets charges system
·        Property Post closing system with Dashboard for different LOCs
·        Developed Search form to search for different Loans, Loan Status, Product type, Borrower,
·        Guarantor, SSN, Address etc.
·        Design and developed Closing Checklist for different states.
·        Developed upload property module.
·        Created Export excel module to generate exported reports in excel.
·        Enhanced accounting forms and reports.
·        Created and captured log information for each created form.
·        Created Loan Admin Dashboard report for loans matured in 45 days, 30 days, Pending
·        Extensions to process and extension over 10 days.
·        Created Onboarding form for the loans onboarding.
·        On demand reporting using SQL Server and excel.
 
 
Technology Used: - SQL Server, ASP.NET, C#, VB, MS Access, Excel, VBA, Agile, Jira, ActiveX Module etc.
 
Company: Voice Internet Inc – Web Developer (Microsoft Technology)
Los Angeles County, CA
Duration: June 2018 – Oct 2018
● Developed the front end using Visual Studios, ASP.NET MVC, C#, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML,
CSS etc.
● Used SQL Server 2012. Created several tables, views and wrote stored procedures,
● Created page to load banners for agent site and tested them manually and automation.
● Api testing.
 
Company: SaveDaily Inc – Application Programmer (Microsoft Technology)
Orange County, CA
Duration: 2nd September 2014 – February 28th 2018
 
Created multiple websites to maintain mutual funds and investments for customers and tested them. Websites contains individual’s portfolio which includes registration page and all the features of investment like buy, sell, redeem, exchange, retirement and IRAs, 529 College Savings Plans and auto investing etc. These websites integrated with Morningstar, google and other bank’s APIs. These websites also display all the products, company is providing related to investment and mutual funds. These websites contain many reports -monthly, yearly etc., statement and other investment related products, these reports include pie charts, donut charts using google apis. Also provide tools to research and elect your investment as per your financial situation and your investment goal.
● Developed the front end using ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript etc.
● Developed middleware components using C#, HTML, jQuery, SQL Server, AJAX.
● Used JavaScript for client-side validation and error handling.
● Worked extensively on SQL Server and wrote several stored procedures which were used across
the application.
● Created web page using XML, XSLT, and CSS.
● Code review to implement best practices solves technical problems, work closely with testing
teams.
● Responsible for converting classic asp project into asp.net.
● Used Google, Yahoo API, many other livestock investment apis, Morningstar etc.
● Implementation, production support and user training.
Technology Used: ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery, SQL Server, Web Service, XML.
Project: Web Pages for Invest, Exchange, Redeem and Automatic Trading
Created multiple pages to Invest, Exchange, Redeem, Automatic Trading for Investment from user’s Portfolio and account to invest from HSA Investment account, Redeem from participant’s personal account, exchange investment from one account to another, created new investment, Add or edit recurring trade from participant account, Activity page to view current and previous transactions and messages regarding all the participants activity.
● Developed the front end using Visual Studios, ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, jQuery, XML, XSLT,
and CSS etc.
● Used SQL Server 2012. Created several tables, views and wrote stored procedures,
● Get data from Morningstar and google api to investigate stocks and mutual funds.
Project: Web Pages for Education and support
Created web pages for research and analysis using several Api’s of mutual funds / stocks websites also created page for investment terminology and Glossary. Created support pages to display available accounts to invest, frequently asked questions, available investments to show, to send email to customer service etc.
 
Technology Used: ASP.NET, C#, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery, SQL Server, Web Service, XML.
 
Project: Production Support and user problem handling
Handling Production support tickets issued by customer service department to troubleshoot and solve participant’s (user’s) website issues. Supporting daily processing task run by Backoffice server for Transactions, Daily bank balance upload file, tool balance update, cost basis and post transaction processing.
Technology Used: VB.NET, C#, ASP.NET, SQL Server, Web Service, JavaScript, CSS, jQuery, XML.
